---
title: B.Y.O.B
author: alex
layout: post
permalink: /2008/01/b-y-o-b/
tweet_this_url:
  - http://is.gd/1ecrAS
categories:
  - music
---
System of a Down - B.Y.O.B

I really like System of a Down (mainly because of Serj). I like the lyrical nature of their songs, that they mix in with heavy, heart pounding, head banging rock and roll. I think that's what I like most about them; the contrast they have in their music. Serj tends to be more lyrical, as is shown in his solo efforts (while the other guys from SoaD tend to be the heavier influence). I still like Serj's solor stuff, but not much of the other guys' stuff. 

The particular reasons I like this song are as follows:

  * The driving rock at the beginning would make any older person roll up their window quickly if I pulled up next to them while blasting the song in my car (I really like doing that for some reason).
  * The "la la la la la la la la la" part is a great little ditty that sticks in my head for a long time. I normally don't like that, but with this song, it works for me.
  * I really like the guitar part in the bridge before the "la la la la la" part. It is a cool little syncopated rhythm.
  * This song is just fun to listen to. I am a software developer by trade and this song is a good one to program to.
  * Make up your own reason why I like this song, do I have to spoon feed you people?!

Here's the Lego version of the music video.

<center>
  <iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/_vVOO4zDk7w" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</center>

And [here][1] is the real version. I really like how Serj looks like an evil Weird Al Yankovic.



 [1]: http://youtube.com/watch?v=B3Az7JPZ6ZA
