---
title: My Mom
author: alex
layout: post
permalink: /2010/04/my-mom/
blogger_blog:
  - slide-o-blog.blogspot.com
blogger_author:
  - Alex Earlhttp://www.blogger.com/profile/09111492254896423873noreply@blogger.com
blogger_permalink:
  - /2010/04/my-mom.html
tweet_this_url:
  - http://is.gd/AweIBK
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Children don&#8217;t often get the chance to tell their parents that they are proud of them. My mom has always put her heart into her work and showed me what it meant to truly do well at a job. She deserves this and much, much more.

**Rolayne Day is Honored With the 2010 ACBSP Teaching Excellence Award**

The Association of Business Schools and Programs proudly announces that Rolayne Day, Salt Lake Community College, in Salt Lake City, Utah, has received the 2010 Teaching Excellence Award for Region 7. The award is presented in memory of Lt. Col. Edward Ortowski. As a regional recipient, Day will now be considered for the 2010 ACBSP International Teaching Excellence Award, to be announced in June.

Overland Park, Kansas, 6, March, 2010 ¬¬&#8212; Rolayne Day, Salt Lake Community College, in Salt Lake City, Utah, has been named a regional recipient for the 2010 ACBSP Teaching Excellence Award. The Association of Business Schools and Programs recognizes individuals each year who exemplify teaching excellence in the classroom. The International Teaching Excellence Award is being presented this year in honor of Lt. Col. Edward Ortowski.

Day will be honored, along with other regional recipients, at the 2010 ACBSP Annual Conference, June 25-28 in Los Angeles, www.acbsp.org. She will receive a medallion and a $100 check. Two International Teaching Excellence Award recipients will be announced at a special Salute to Regions luncheon, one from a baccalaureate/graduate degree-granting institution and one from an associate degree-granting institution. As a regional recipient, Day is now a candidate for the international award.

&#8220;I have observed first-hand how Rolayne truly makes a difference in her students’ lives,&#8221; said Lynnette M. Yerbury, C.P.A., M.B.A., division chair, computer systems, marketing and paralegal studies at Salt Lake Community College. &#8220;She makes them her first priority. She offers them countless hours of support both in and out of the classroom, helping them reach out and achieve their true potential. Whether the support is in the form of helping with a project, polishing up a presentation, or offering helpful advice, she makes herself available,&#8221; Yerbury said.

The Associate Degree Commission of ACBSP established the International Teaching Excellence Award in 1995 to recognize outstanding classroom teachers. In 2002, the Baccalaureate Degree Commission created a similar award to recognize excellence in teaching at the baccalaureate degree level. ACBSP is the only specialized accrediting body for business schools that presents an award recognizing excellence in teaching. 

&#8220;It is more important than ever for business programs to produce graduates who are ready to enter the global marketplace,&#8221; said Douglas Viehland, ACBSP executive director. &#8220;ACBSP has a mission to develop, promote and recognize best practices that contribute to continuous improvement of business education. Recognition of teaching excellence is one way we achieve this goal.&#8221; he stated.

ACBSP currently has more than 729 members in 32 countries and nine regions. Salt Lake Community College is located in ACBSP Region 7, which represents colleges and universities in Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, Washington, Wyoming, and the Canadian Provinces of Saskatchewan, Alberta, British Columbia, and the Canadian Territories of Yukon Territory, Nunavut Territory, and the Northwestern Territories.

<span class='st\_facebook\_vcount' st\_title='My Mom' st\_url='http://earl-of-code.com/2010/04/my-mom/' displayText='facebook'></span><span class='st\_twitter\_vcount' st\_title='My Mom' st\_url='http://earl-of-code.com/2010/04/my-mom/' displayText='twitter'></span><span class='st\_linkedin\_vcount' st\_title='My Mom' st\_url='http://earl-of-code.com/2010/04/my-mom/' displayText='linkedin'></span><span class='st\_email\_vcount' st\_title='My Mom' st\_url='http://earl-of-code.com/2010/04/my-mom/' displayText='email'></span><span class='st\_sharethis\_vcount' st\_title='My Mom' st\_url='http://earl-of-code.com/2010/04/my-mom/' displayText='sharethis'></span><span class='st\_fblike\_vcount' st\_title='My Mom' st\_url='http://earl-of-code.com/2010/04/my-mom/' displayText='fblike'></span><span class='st\_plusone\_vcount' st\_title='My Mom' st\_url='http://earl-of-code.com/2010/04/my-mom/' displayText='plusone'></span><span class='st\_pinterest\_vcount' st\_title='My Mom' st\_url='http://earl-of-code.com/2010/04/my-mom/' displayText='pinterest'></span>